Update Readme (#32)
ottertune/ot-agent: README.md

## Setup

> To build the Agent, you need `Python 3.8+`. Install python dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Agent, you will need an enviorment with `Python 3.8+`.

Install python dependencies:
```

Reviewer: nit python isn't built, and these two things can be separate lines I think.

## Setup

> To run the Agent, you will need an enviorment with `Python 3.8+`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Agent, you will need an environment with `Python 3.8+`.
```

oops sorry I added a typo

If you are using postgres you will need to set the `POSTGRES_OTTERTUNE_DB_NAME` env variable if you are using a postgres database.

## Permissions
To collect metrics from the database, you need to [configure database settings](https://docs.ottertune.com/info/connect-your-database-to-ottertune/add-database#configure-database-settings), and [grant permissions](https://docs.ottertune.com/info/connect-your-database-to-ottertune/add-database/guarded-public-access#create-the-database-user-and-grant-permissions-1) to the database user.

> 

Reviewer: should we add a `running from source` section instead of putting this in the `Development` section?

Author: I think we also need such permissions during the development. Do we want to merge this first and add a new `Running from source` section later ?

Reviewer: sounds good to me
